how's it going everybody September 13
2014 Anchorage Alaska time is 330 p.m.
and you have him over here Seaton
shutting it off and on and off and on
poisoning us still maybe just had a
bunch of rain look at all this toxic in
the air see this massive thing bring it
in moisture
look at how it shut it off that would be
impossible if that's what these people
think it's real is a contrail and wood
from the engines at the moisture that
means that uh she shut his engine on and
the aircraft do not do that in
mid-flight
march against the geoengineering is
coming up I hope everybody is going to
go
and they're making the Sun incredibly
bright like usual it's just it's
intensified because the Sun is toxic now
you mean it in a way it was but you
needed it look there he goes shut it up
there's your proof off guys this is this
channel I mean you roll through this
channel and check out the videos most of
you have and you the proof is here in
many places I'm not saying I'm the only
one not by far but the proof is I mean
my channel alone is enough to wake
somebody up I suppose take care guys